warning the following video is GTA
remember that GTA is a game we're
fucking hookers and shooting cops is
normal do not confuse this shit with
real-life if you like GTA enjoy long
walks on the beach and or have a large
penis please click the like button below
enjoy what is going on guys I am Jehovah
this is GTA online and I'm going to show
you guys one of the many ways you can
make a little bit of easy money when you
first jump on on GTA online so you can
rob stores you can do heists missions
all kinds of stuff but early on my best
recommendation a lot of times when you
rob a store you only get about 1500
dollars on average and you have to sit
there and you know hold them up and then
the police come then you have to lose
the cops all that good stuff so what I
found is effective is you go up into the
Hollywood area of Los Santos find a
decent car like the one I'm in right now
and if you if you try to get a sports
car or a luxury car you'll take it to
the Los Santos shop and they'll say it's
too hot and that you can't sell it but
like this one you can and as you'll see
right here you go down to sell and boom
$9,000 as opposed to like holding up a
grocery store or not a grocery store but
like a convenience store for 1500 bucks
then you got to lose - three stars
and hope you survive all that stuff so
it's a really good way to make some
quick cash once you get to level 5
you're going to want to get one of the
first things you want to get is armor
and a suppressor for your gun to avoid
heat from cops in the first place so I
highly recommend going and stealing a
vehicle like this this one's 9,000 I
found a jeep type vehicle that was 7
grand but just fine pretty much anything
experiment some of the cars only worth
like 1,500 play around - you get
something that you're comfortable with I
just made 9 grand real quick the first
thing you're going to want to do after
that hold back on your select button
bring up the quick GPS option and select
ATM it'll put a marker on the nearest
ATM to you on the map drive to the ATM
and make sure you deposit that money
because if you die you have a chance of
losing your money that you just earned
by selling stolen cars so that's my tip
guys I hope you guys enjoy getting some
easy money in GTA online whenever you
get in and have fun